---
layout: post
title: I love my homeland
---

I love my homeland, <br>
But my heart burns from the feeling of being without a homeland and feeling like a stranger in my own country.

I love my homeland, but I can’t do anything in it.<br>
From the most important matters to the smallest joys, I am unable.

I can’t study.<br>
I can’t work.<br>
I can’t think about my future or my progress.<br>

I can’t go to amusement parks.<br>
I can’t exercise or go to the gym.<br>
I can’t go shopping or wander through stores.<br>
I can’t go to restaurants.<br>
I can’t walk in its streets or mountains.<br>

I can’t ride a bicycle.<br>
I can’t drive a car.<br>

I can’t go to the cinema and watch a movie.<br>
I can’t wear what I like.<br>

I can’t go on outings with my family and friends on weekends or during summer vacations.

Living in this country has taken away all the small joys of life and all my human rights.

I have no right to choose.<br>
I can’t make any decision about my own life.<br>

My whole being is filled with fear and hopelessness.<br>
And if I speak of another issue—<br>
In this country, in the place where I live, we don’t even have access to enough water.<br>

We can’t even take care of our health.<br>
We can’t meet even the most basic and essential needs of life.<br>

Here, every day and every moment, we say goodbye to one more of our dreams.

We don’t just worry about the distant future—we even worry about tomorrow.<br>
I don’t know… are we extremely unfortunate people, destined to never see a good day? Or is our land cursed, bearing all the world’s suffering and pain?<br>

Maybe we are a deeply unfortunate people who suffer and are oppressed wherever we go.

We are exiled and left without a future wherever we turn.<br>
Wherever we seek refuge, our shelter is destroyed.<br>

My heart aches from this overwhelming hopelessness, from all these problems and pain.

Inside me are countless bitter stories.

I’ve become a very quiet person.<br>
I’m lost and confused about my life, my future, and the future of my people and the daughters of my country...<br>

I see no way out.<br>
No path to move forward.<br>
These feelings, this hopelessness, will one day destroy me.<br>
