---
layout: post
title: The girl who cannot go to school
---

As we know, before the Taliban, we had a simple life. Everyone was busy with their own lifestyle—teachers, students, tailors, beauticians, and everyone else. All of us could do things for ourselves: earning money, getting an education, working, and so on. But now, it’s gone.

Back then, if someone got married, hotels weren’t expensive, and nobody charged extra just to make more money for themselves. But now, everything has changed. They’ve taken our country, our freedom, our education—we’ve lost ourselves.

I was never a silent girl. At that time, I was busy with my lessons, waking up early every morning. Life was so fantastic for me. Staying at home now makes me feel bored. All my goals were so clear back then, but now, it feels like they’ve all been erased.

When they came to our province, I was in the middle of my school exams. It was my final exam to finish 12th grade. Our teacher gave us three exams in one day, even though I had only prepared for one subject. Then we reached the Kankor exam, which is a big exam that determines our future. In the exam, we weren’t allowed to choose other provinces—only neighboring ones.

I passed that exam and was accepted in my province. If I had been able to continue my studies, I would have finished by now, and I might even have a job. But they closed everything and said it would only be temporary. As we can see, it’s still closed.

Then they said all women should wear masks, and we accepted that too. But some days ago, they started abducting girls because of their hijabs, and they even beat them.

After they came to our country, in all universities and schools, boys and girls used to study together like siblings. But everything changed. Last winter, I went to my English course, and the Taliban came to our class. They asked our teacher, “Who allowed you to open this course again, and for what purpose?” My teacher replied, “Your boss.” But they said, “No, it’s wrong.”

We were afraid. They spoke with my teacher for a while and then said, “Start your teaching.” We started again, but they took photos of us and themselves. After that day, one of them, who was outside the class, recorded a video of the other girls and sent it to their office. As a result, they closed the course again. It is still closed, and we continue to experience very bad days.

But despite everything, I want to stay strong. No one can determine my future except me. My future is in my hands.
